c:\users\viren\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\bin\Debug\Jarvis.exe.config
c:\users\viren\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\viren\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.Form1.resources
c:\users\viren\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.Form2.resources
c:\users\viren\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\viren\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\viren\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\bin\Debug\Jarvis.exe
c:\users\viren\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\bin\Debug\Jarvis.pdb
c:\users\viren\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.exe
c:\users\viren\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.pdb
c:\users\viren\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.Form3.resources
c:\users\viren\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.Form4.resources
c:\users\viren\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.Form5.resources
C:\Users\viren\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.Form6.resources
C:\Users\viren\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.Form7.resources
C:\Users\viren\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.Form8.resources
C:\Users\viren\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.Form9.resources
C:\Users\viren\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.Form10.resources
C:\Users\viren\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.Form11.resources
C:\Users\viren\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\bin\Debug\Jarvis.exe.manifest
C:\Users\viren\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\bin\Debug\Jarvis.application
C:\Users\viren\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.exe.manifest
C:\Users\viren\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Jarvis\Jarvis\obj\Debug\Jarvis.application
